hero If He doesn't remember what happened, then maybe it's best to keep it that way.
n You know I can hear you, right? It's going to be a lot harder than you think to keep secrets from me.
stubborn That's fine. It doesn't matter if He can hear us. The only thing that matters is marching up to that cabin and *winning.*
n That's the spirit. There's no point in squabbling when the real threat is just up that hill.

jumpanchor assume
hero We did our best with the information we were given. And we *did* kill her.
n And yet you still died, didn't you? So congratulations. You've been given another chance to actually do this right.

jumpanchor assume2
stubborn Ugh. Enough with the talking! We've got a fight to win. Nothing. Else. Matters.
n I couldn't agree more. The cabin, and your destined confrontation with the Princess, awaits.

jumpanchor princessImpatient
stubborn Oh this is *maddening.* Why do you keep asking questions?
n There's nothing wrong with getting the full picture of what's going on here.
stubborn Sure there is. It's wasting time and energy that would be better spent fighting.

jumpanchor princessSpecial
n Look, I'm not supposed to say this, but it's because you're special. You're the *only* person capable of doing this. Call it a prophecy if that helps, but it's just the way things are.
hero Oh. I didn't know we were *special.*
stubborn Of course we're special.

jumpanchor princessCagey
stubborn What else would we even *need* to know? We've got all the reason we need for a rematch.
n Exactly. The less you know about her, the better.

// Hill dialogue //

jumpanchor hillDialogue
stubborn "Lying" and "cheating" doesn't sound like her at all. Not that it matters, it's not like she can lie or cheat in the middle of a fight.
hero Are you sure about that?
n The point of my warning wasn't to start an argument over what circumstances the Princess is capable of lying in. It was to give you some broadly applicable advice.
n The Princess will do and say whatever she thinks it will take to get her out of there. So don't trust her. Ever. Are we clear?
stubborn Crystal. Let's just get on with it already.

// Abort attempt //

jumpanchor abortStart
stubborn We can't just leave, we're supposed to fight her! Where are you going?

jumpanchor abortReturn
stubborn Oh, about *time.* I can't believe you were about to run away.

// Cabin //

jumpanchor cabinIntro
nowplaying The Adversary
n The cabin is tighter than its exterior would suggest. Its cold stone walls press in on you, as if trying to forcefully direct you towards your destination. The only furniture of note is a black-iron altar with a pristine blade perched on its edge.
n The blade is your implement. You'll need it if you want to do this right.

jumpanchor takeBlade
n You take the blade from the altar. It would be difficult to slay the Princess and save the world without a weapon.

// Ask about the mirror //

jumpanchor askMirror
n That's because there isn't a mirror. There's the altar, the blade sitting on the altar, and the door to the basement. There's nothing else in here.

jumpanchor askMirrorStart
stubborn Oh, stop bickering and just get on with it. Who even cares if there's a mirror?

jumpanchor mirrorGone
stubborn And now it's gone, so all of us can stop arguing about it and get to fightin'.

// Stairs //

jumpanchor stairsNoBlade
stubborn No blade this time? Right then, fisticuffs it is. Probably more fair to her anyway. Wouldn't want to feel like we cheated our way to a win.
n As long as you can still get the job done... and don't forget that the blade is waiting for you upstairs if you happen to change your mind.
linebreak

jumpanchor stairsStart
n The door to the basement creaks open, revealing a rough stone staircase, its walls pressing at your sides and tightening as you descend. The air seeping from below is heavy and oppressive, with an almost sulfuric odor to it. If the Princess lives here, slaying her would probably be doing her a favor.
n Her fierce voice carries up the stairs.
p Is that another challenger? *Finally.* It's been ages since I've had a good fight.
hero This isn't what she sounded like last time. Her voice is a little deeper, almost threatening.
stubborn Good. Sounds like my kind of Princess.
n As much as I appreciate the enthusiasm, just make sure you don't let your bloodlust get to your head. You need to stay focused and keep your wits about you. Remember you're here to *slay* the Princess, not to have a good fight.
linebreak
n As you descend the final step, the form of the Princess comes into view, a large shackle leading from her wrist to the basement wall.
truth This time, she looks almost demonic. She stands tall on hooved feet, her dress torn and tattered. Horns sprout from her forehead in place of her tiara. Her pointed tail flicks back and forth behind her as she catches sight of you, a cruel grin splitting her face.
hero It looks like she could rip those chains out of the wall without a second thought.
p Oh, it's you again. I've been hoping you'd find your way back here. Good to see that death doesn't stick for either of us.

jumpanchor basementStartBlade
p And you brought your little knife too. YES.
p I'm going to have fun breaking you into little pieces.

jumpanchor basementStartNoBlade
p But no little knife this time, huh?
p Ugh. I hope you're not just here to "chat." I've been itching for a rematch.