linebreak
truth This time, the path is walled in on either side. The path behind you is blocked off.

jumpanchor notKidding
n Last time? Last I checked there wasn't any "last time." We've just met, you and I.
jumpto shareLoop

jumpanchor walls
n What are you talking about? I'm sure those walls have always been there. It makes sense if you think about it. If there weren't any walls in the woods, someone might have gotten lost. Or, heaven forbid, someone other than you might have stumbled onto the Princess.

hero If He doesn't remember what happened, then maybe it's best to keep it that way.
contra I don't know. I think it's more fun if He knows what we're thinking. He's like a captive audience.
contra He might have walled off everything but the path to the cabin, but I'm sure there's plenty of other ways we can ruin his day.
jumpto shareLoopJoin

jumpanchor shareLoop
hero If He doesn't remember what happened, then maybe it's best to keep it that way.
contra I don't know. I think it's more fun if He knows what we're thinking. He's like a captive audience.
contra The entire world ending wasn't enough to get rid of us. I don't think there's much He can do other than object. I wonder what else we can do to ruin his day.
jumpanchor shareLoopJoin
n If by ruining my day you mean ruining everyone's day forever, then yes, I suppose there are plenty of ways you can pull that off.
hero The world really did end last time, didn't it? We should be careful. For all we know we just got lucky.
n The world hasn't ended yet, and you are *never* going to slay her with that attitude. Stuff those pathetic little voices to the back of your mind and stay focused on the task ahead.

jumpanchor assume
n Those are two *very* different questions, but fine. I'll indulge you if that's what it takes to get you moving.
n Let's say for a moment that this really is the second time you've met me, or, at least, a version of me.
n You said the world ended, right? I'm assuming that only happened because you didn't listen to me, and you should take that as more than enough evidence that I'm telling the truth about the Princess.
contra For all we know, the world just happened to end on its own.
hero But He's right. It did end. And what are the odds that something *else* ended it?
n Of course she was the one who ended it. And I believe your other question was something along the lines of \"what's the point of doing anything?\" If you're asking that, it sounds to me like you're making the rather dangerous assumption that your actions last time around didn't have any consequences.
hero What do you mean? Of course there weren't any consequences. Sure, the world ended, but now everyone's right back where they started. That sounds pretty consequence-free to me.
n Yes, but, in this purely hypothetical scenario, that begs the question of *how* you got back here. Did "time" simply rewind itself, or have you found yourself in another world altogether?
hero Are you saying that everyone from the first time around is still dead?
n I'm saying it's possible.
contra Who cares? If that's the case, there's got to be *millions* of worlds out there. What does one of them ending even matter?
n Of course it matters! There were people there, and now they're gone! ... at least in this purely hypothetical scenario.
hero I have to agree with him. On the off chance this is how things work, we should take this scenario a little more seriously.
n Thank you.

jumpanchor lie
n You know I can tell when you're lying, right? Please take this seriously. I'm begging you.

jumpanchor leaveWoodsAttempt
n The wall blocks your path. It seems you have no choice but to go to the cabin.

// Abort vessel //

jumpanchor abort
contra Oh, that's *clever!* A little... boring, though.
n It's *extremely* boring.
hero Can we really do that? Can we really just do... nothing?
n No, you can't just do nothing. You have to do *something.*
contra All right! So it's decided. Even if it's boring, we're going to do nothing. Forever!
linebreak
n Congratulations, you continue to waste everyone's time and do nothing... wait, can you still hear me? Everything is getting fuzzy...
hero What is that... weird feeling? It's like I'm barely even here anymore.
contra Well, it's not *nothing,* that's for sure. Does that mean we messed up?

// Hill dialogue //

jumpanchor hillDialogue
linebreak
truth You emerge into the clearing, now enclosed by the same walls as before. The cabin waits at the top of the hill.
n A warning, before you go any further...
n She will lie, she will cheat, and she will do everything in her power to stop you from slaying her. Don't believe a word she says.
contra If we're stuck going in there, maybe we *should* believe her. Maybe she *isn't* a liar.
n Ignore him. He's being difficult for the sake of it.
hero Let's keep an open mind.

// Cabin //

jumpanchor cabinIntro
nowplaying The Stranger
n The cabin interior is wrong, a confusing patchwork of many cabin interiors all projected across what's *almost* the same space. But it's all shifted -- an inch here, a foot there -- such that the seams are never quite visible enough for the place to make any sense.
n The only furniture of note is a plain table, its legs all the wrong lengths, its material devoid of feature. Perched on that table is a pristine blade.
n The blade is your implement. You'll need it if you want to do this right.
contra If He wants us to take it, maybe we should just leave it to collect dust. Or better yet, grab it and throw it out the window! What good is a knife against a world-ending monstrosity anyways?
hero No, we're taking the knife. H-have you seen this place? We have literally no idea what to expect, and no idea what we're dealing with.
n I've already told you what you're dealing with. You're dealing with a *Princess.* How many times do I have to explain this incredibly simple and straightforward premise?
hero You can't just say that! Not when everything here is so wrong.
n Listen to me. My job is to describe facts as facts, and to guide you through your job, which is to slay the Princess, and through that action, save the entire world.
n And if you're going to slay her, you cannot let fear creep into your heart. You cannot lose yourself before you even get to her.
contra Ohoho! You've piqued my interest. What's going to happen if we \"lose ourself?\"
n Nothing. Because you're going to pull yourself together.
n Just ignore the stressful geometry and stay calm.
hero How?! Even if we closed our eyes you're constantly describing it to us.
n I'm not going to stop doing my job, so you're just going to have to get better at yours. And quickly, if you don't mind.
contra Yes, take a deep breath. I'm all for getting under His skin, but we'll miss out on loads of fun if we shrivel up into a ball and go insane the first time we see something weird.
contra What you're seeing here is obviously real. Just accept it and go with the flow. It really isn't hard.
hero Okay. Okay. I'm fine.
n Good. Now whenever you're ready, we're all waiting for you to complete a very important task.

jumpanchor takeBlade
n You take the blade from the table. It would be difficult to slay the Princess and save the world without a weapon.
contra Okay, fine. You took the knife. But you really shouldn't hold it like *that.*
hero Then how are we supposed to hold it?
contra The *other* way. Thumb at the bottom. We'll look much cooler and more serious if we hold it with our thumb at the bottom.
n It really doesn't matter how you hold the blade, as long as you have it. Just make a choice.

jumpanchor keepGrip
n Great. You keep your grip the way it is. Your task awaits.

jumpanchor reverseGrip
n You switch your grip on the blade. Congratulations.
contra Yes! Isn't this so much better?
hero Okay, fine. You're right. This does look a lot better.
n It really doesn't matter. Just get on with it and deal with the Princess already.

jumpanchor throwBlade
contra Hahaha, *yes!* Do it!
n Seriously? *Sigh.* You throw the blade at the window, glass showering the cabin as your weapon flies out into the night. I suppose you'll just have to deal with the Princess without it.

jumpanchor throwNoShare
contra We'll be fine. Don't worry about it. What's the worst that could happen, the world ends? Oh well. If the Princess wasn't going to do it, the heat death of the universe was going to come for it eventually.
jumpto throwJoin

jumpanchor throwSharedLoop
contra We'll be fine. Don't worry about it. What's the worst that could happen, the world ends? Been there, done that.
jumpanchor throwJoin
hero I'm not so sure. This place is already messing with my head. It would be much better if we had a weapon.
n What's done is done. Good luck, "hero."

// Ask about the mirror //

jumpanchor askMirror
contra Ooh! We should look at ourselves. Wouldn't that be fun?
n You won't be looking at yourself because there isn't a mirror. There's the table, the blade sitting on the table, and the door to the basement. There's nothing else in here.

jumpanchor askMirrorStart
contra You insisting it isn't there just makes me want to look at it even more.

jumpanchor mirrorGone
contra And now it's gone. You know that taking the mirror away from us isn't going to change things, right? We'll find it again, and then we'll see whatever it is that you don't want us to see.

// Stairs //

jumpanchor stairsStart
n The door to the basement creaks open, revealing a web of branching staircases all built from unidentifiable materials.
n Nothing here seems to belong, and the closer you examine your surroundings, the more confused you get, your head throbbing with the effort of making sense of this place. None of the stairs even seem to go anywhere, let alone down.
n The air here has a sickening, almost sludge-like miasma to it, the kind of indiscernible quality that comes from the blending together of every scent there is at once. An odor that is simultaneously everything and yet the sum of it all coalescing into a thick, nauseating nothing.
n If the Princess lives here, slaying her is probably doing her a favor.
n Her voice, a disquieting collage of tone and personality, drags up the stairs.
p Hello? HI. What are you doing here? Are you here to -- KILL.
hero Mmm. No. No thank you.
contra Oh, don't be such a baby!
hero I don't want to do this. Let's just turn around and leave. This feels wrong, this feels like a trap, like whatever we do we're gonna die.

jumpanchor stairsStartNoBlade
hero We don't even have a weapon...
jumpanchor stairsStartJoin
contra But we already tried turning around and leaving, didn't we? And He threw up a wall. No way to go but forward, and whatever choice we make, whatever she is, we know one thing for sure.
hero And what's that?
contra There'll still be plenty of ways to ruin His day.

jumpanchor stairsNonSpecific
truth You have to pick a staircase.

jumpanchor stairsLeaveAttempt
contra If we try that, He'll just keep throwing up walls. Come on, just pick a staircase already!

jumpanchor harshStairs
n You step to the left. The path is cruel against your feet, the impact of each step sending pulsing vibrations up your legs until there's nothing left in them to feel.
n The air around you grows colder the further you progress, at first a barely-noticeable drop, quickly evolving into a numbing cold.
n Your toes feel like blocks of ice, your breaths puff out in clouds of condensed vapor.
n You shudder against it as you continue down the stairway, losing yourself in the bone-deep chill.
jumpto stairsJoin

jumpanchor neutralStairs
n You step onto the center staircase. Paths wind out around you in all directions, each step branching into its own staircases which branch into their own staircases and so on. You aren't quite sure if yours is taking you up or down, but at the very least it's taking you somewhere.
n You concentrate on where you are, careful not to stray onto any of the many splitting branches that tempt you on all sides. You wouldn't want to have to backtrack to yours once you'd made a decision that took you someplace else.
n And so you take one careful, focused step after another. One foot down, another foot down, another after that. You lose yourself in following the correct pattern, in following what looks to you to be the true path, the one that cuts straight down. Or up. Or maybe sideways.
n But no matter the direction it goes, it certainly is the most true path, you know that much.
jumpto stairsJoin

jumpanchor gentleStairs
n You step to the right. The path feels soft and reassuring against your feet. The stairs almost seem to cradle you as you make your way down, like they're guiding your heels from one step directly to the next. You barely have to extend any effort to descend, the stairway doing most of the work for you, and you don't feel like there's any concern that you might slip or tumble or lose your way.
n But the further you go, the deeper you sink in. First it's like a lovely plush carpet, your toes digging down and barely hitting any resistance at all. But soon enough you're fighting just to keep your knees from sinking out of sight.
n The softness threatens to swallow you whole, to wrest control of your body and surround you in a false ethereal bliss, pretending to save you from the cruelties of choice and consequence.
n It's slow-going, but you manage to fight against the overwhelming urge to fall back into the comfort and nothingness, the very struggle to continue forward consuming your every thought.
jumpto stairsJoin

jumpanchor stairsJoin
linebreak
n You slowly lose sense of yourself the further you go.
n Time disappears, and you can feel yourself begin to untether.
n Physical sensations dull and then vanish, until the only things experienced are the endlessly repeating patterns and emotions of the journey. A continuous march forward to a destination long forgotten.
linebreak
n Consumption and betrayal. Skepticism and blind devotion. Rivalry and submission. Terror and longing. Pain and unfamiliarity. And at the heart of it all, an emotion that can only be described as -- /// interrupt
linebreak 2

jumpanchor basementStartHarsh
p Are you just going to stand there?
jumpto basementStartJoin

jumpanchor basementStartNeutral
p Can I help you?
jumpto basementStartJoin

jumpanchor basementStartGentle
p Are you okay?
jumpto basementStartJoin

jumpanchor basementStartJoin
hero What -- what the hell was that?! Wh-what happened to us?
contra I feel so... strange. Like I'm fundamentally different, but also... still the same person I was at the top of the stairs.
contra Oh well! That was a trip but now it's over. Time to get back to our old devilish ways.
n The Princess, eyes bright but otherwise shrouded in darkness, watches you impatiently from the other side of the basement. Don't forget why you're here.
contra And why are we here again? In case you weren't listening, I'm afraid I lost myself on the way down.
n *Sigh.* You're here to -- /// interrupt
hero He's just being an ass. We remember. Though I'm... still not sure if we should trust you. Let's talk to her for a bit. Try and get our bearings. She seems... normal.