    p There's a world beyond the endless walls of The Long Quiet. We're supposed to be there. /// check
        p Do you know what we'll find out there? /// check
    p There's a world beyond the endless walls of The Long Quiet. I am curious to see what it means for us to know it. /// checkfalse

label people
    p It doesn't matter if there are. People are too small for us. You and I are the only things that interest me. /// check
    p It doesn't matter if there are. People are frail and impermanent. You and I are the only things that interest me. /// checkfalse

label rhetorical
p Rhetorical. I am not rhetorical. I have only known these spaces, and I have known flickers of the lives you've brought me. Short and violent and full of passion. But all of those flickers end where The Long Quiet begins.
p I'm asking you because I cannot know your mind. Do you know what we'll find out there?

label trees
p There is a warmth and sadness in me at the thought of people. Fresh tears on a winter's day. They are not like us. They do not last.

label real
p We are real. 'Nothing' is an idea that dwells in the absence of 'something.' But 'nothing' cannot exist on its own. And because of that, 'nothing' can't exist.

label awaken
    p If I did, I would already be awake. /// check
    p No. The point of awakening is to find out. /// checkfalse

label narratorMet
p I know him through the memories of my vessels. But they have nothing like him on their own. Do you think he lives in the spaces beyond?

label narratorNotMet
    p No. Their thoughts are quiet. Do you think your Narrator lives in the spaces beyond? /// check
    p No. Their minds are empty. Existent, but constantly shifting into something new. Do you think your Narrator lives in the spaces beyond? /// checkfalse

label factNarrator
p I am on the cusp of my awakening. Perhaps you are on the cusp of yours.

label dunnoNarrator
p There's no need for you to know what you are going to do before you do it. If you find him, remember that I'll be waiting for you on the other side.

label answersNarrator
p Do not look to one who fears me for your truth. The only answers worth knowing are those we can find within ourselves.

label killNarrator
    p If he drives you towards my destruction, then he is steeped in delusion, for he does not know me. Just as I hold compassion for you, and you hold compassion for me, you can hold compassion for those who have wronged you. /// check
    p If he is anything other than us, he isn't worth the effort to destroy. /// checkfalse

label silentNarrator
p It's nice to be with someone whose thoughts I can never know as mine.

label howMany
p One. Whatever you bring me next will be enough, and then gravity will pull the others back to me. I will be singular. A final multitude.

label requests
p These gifts are a conversation, and each one shows me the contours of your heart. The only thing I want to see is what you choose for me when the thread is fully drawn.

label threatSatisfy
p We may fight, and we may not. But not all fights end in destruction, just as not all conversations end in peace.
p Even if you destroy me, it will have been worth it to finally know what I am and to have had the chance to know you.

label threatDeny
p Conflict is my nature. There is nothing I want more than to finally perceive the shape of myself from every angle, and to turn that shape on you.
p But not all fights end in destruction, just as not all conversations end in peace.

label refuseA
p You've already tried waiting, but I understand if you need more time. I'll wait with you.

label refuseB
p You have already chosen to walk along this path, and we both know you will see it to completion. But if you need more time, then I will wait with you.

// Ending //

label end
p The next time I see you, each of us will finally know what we are.
p I will be here. Waiting for you.