n Seriously? You're just going to turn around and leave? Do you even know where you're going?

// First menu //

jumpanchor ugh
n *Thank you!* The whole world owes you a debt of gratitude. Really.

jumpanchor maybe
n I guess we will.

jumpanchor lie
n Somehow I doubt that, but fine.
n I suppose you just quietly continue down the path away from the cabin.
jumpto clearing1

jumpanchor nihilist
n There won't *be* a "new dawn" if the world ends. There'll just be *nothing.* Forever!
jumpanchor fine
n Fine, I suppose you just quietly continue down the path away from the cabin.
jumpto clearing1


jumpanchor clearing1
hero Good. What we're being asked to do here is *wrong.* Better to wash our hands of this whole situation than to take part in it.
n Ignore that annoying little voice. He doesn't know what he's talking about.
linebreak
truth You emerge into a clearing. The path ahead of you winds up a hill, stopping just before a quaint wooden cabin.
n That's strange. It looks like this path also leads to the cabin. How convenient! Everything's back on track again. Maybe the world can still be saved after all.

// Second menu //

jumpanchor cabin
n That's great to hear! And as long as you bring that fiery attitude to Princess slaying, I think this will all resolve splendidly.
jumpanchor cabinSilent
n A warning, before you go any further...
n She will lie, she will cheat, and she will do everything in her power to stop you from slaying her. Don't believe a word she says.
n Fortunately, she's only a Princess, whereas you are a valiant and talented warrior. It'll be *easy* so long as you stay focused.
hero We can't just go through with this and listen to Him. She's a princess. We're supposed to save princesses, not slay them.

jumpanchor commit
n You're really keen on wasting everyone's time, aren't you? It's remarkably selfish, if you ask me. I've already outlined the stakes of the situation. If you don't do your job, everyone dies. Like, *dies* dies. Forever.

// Third menu //

jumpanchor dontCare
n "Killing" is such gauche phrasing, and completely ignores the bigger picture. Your task is to *slay* the Princess. Because she's terrible and she's really got it coming to her.
jumpto clearing2

jumpanchor good
n When I said everyone, I meant *everyone.* That's a pretty large group to just condemn to death over a single Princess.
n And last I checked you're a part of everyone, too, so if you think about it, walking up to that cabin and slaying her is really in *your* best interests as well.
jumpto clearing2

jumpanchor blackmail
n Stakes and consequences aren't emotional blackmail. They're facts of life, and if you had an ounce of maturity you'd understand that.
jumpto clearing2

jumpanchor quiet
n Your silence is deafening.
jumpto clearing2

jumpanchor cabin2
n *Finally.* Now that you finally seem to understand the stakes at play here, you can at last get on with your task.
jumpto cabinSilent


jumpanchor clearing2
n But fine. You turn around and trek back down the path you came.
linebreak
truth Eventually, the cabin comes into view once again.
n Oh, would you look at that! You're at the cabin again! Now, I'm not normally one for superstition or astrology, but I have to say, it seems like the Universe itself is doing its best to bring you to your fated confrontation with the Princess.

// Fourth and final menu //

jumpanchor cabin3
n There's always a choice, but let me tell you right now that you're making the correct decision for pretty much everyone.
hero We can't just go through with this and listen to Him. She's a princess. We're supposed to save princesses, not slay them.

// Leads to Chapter II: The Stranger //
jumpanchor strangerCommit
n There's always a choice, but let me tell you right now that you're making the *wrong* one for pretty much everyone who's ever lived, as well as for everyone who ever will.
linebreak
n And here we go. As you trudge into the woods, something strange starts to happen.
n At first, it's little flickers out of the corner of your eyes, glimpses of familiar wooden structures through the leaves.
n But as you focus on your surroundings, you start to realize that those flickers weren't just a trick of light.
n In every direction there is a path and a cabin. And not just *a* cabin. *The* cabin. An infinite fractal of paths and cabins desperately trying to draw you back to where you need to be.
hero Wait... what's going on?
n But you're too stubborn for that, aren't you? It doesn't matter how many paths or cabins appear around you. You're just going to do whatever you can to shirk your responsibility, because you care more about irritating me than you do about the fate of the world.
n You've doomed us all. You know that, right? But of course you do, otherwise you wouldn't just wander off into the forest in search of certain death.
n You lose track of just how long you spend aimlessly tromping through the wilderness, but it's not like any of that time spent lost in the woods really matters, because it isn't long before the world ends and everyone dies.