label drownedStart
n You're on a path in the woods -- /// interrupt
skeptic See? That wasn't so bad. And now we've got another chance to get to the bottom of things. Bit by bit we're starting to unravel this place.
cold There are so many more threads to pull once you stop feeling.
hero That's a little dark, buddy. Are you feeling okay?
cold I'm feeling nothing`. And I like that just fine.
jumpto startJoin

label burnedStart
n You're on a path in the woods -- /// interrupt
smitten You horrid monster! Do you think just because we've returned to the woods you've earned my *forgiveness?* Our beloved had best be alive and well when we return to the cabin, or you'll never know the end of my wrath!
cold She won't be alive and well when we return to that cabin`, because she's dead`. We killed her.
smitten *You* killed her! And so *I killed you.*
cold And you clearly didn't do a good enough job`. I'm still here.
hero Oh, and I'm still here too.
smitten If you lot get to be blessed with seemingly eternal life, that must mean *she's* still there, waiting for us to throw ourselves at her feet in remorse!
cold I doubt it`. I think I'm better at killing than you are.
label startJoin
n So you've been here before. Of course you've been here before. What count is it this time? Two?
cold It's our third`. What gave it away?
n Your open discussions.
sourceswitch Start2

label drownedStart2
    skeptic The last time we were here you were in full-blown denial about the possibility of us restarting. What changed? Have you just been... pretending to forget? /// sharedinsist
    skeptic You came around on that awful fast. Have you just been pretending to forget every time? /// noinsist
n I'm afraid not. Whatever other versions of me you've met in those other lifetimes were just that. Other versions of me. I just wish I'd been the first.
skeptic So you knew how all this worked. Why didn't you ever tell us? We could have used it to our advantage.
n That's because there is no using it to your advantage. The more information you have, the harder it will be for you to succeed.
cold It's not like it was that difficult to slay her last time`. She may have put up a fight`, but her flesh is still softer than our blade.
cold And now she's dead`. And I doubt she'll be able to do much of anything from the grave.
n You already slew her? And you survived?
cold Yes.
n Then why, pray tell, are you here?
    hero Oh, I know that one! The gruff one stopped our heart, and we died. /// check
    hero Oh, I know that one! We killed ourself. /// checkfalse
n Why?!
cold Because you thought trying to stuff us away in a corner for eternity was a suitable reward.
n Was it not? What better reward is there than eternal bliss? You should have been happy.
skeptic There were still answers that we needed to find.
n It was actually working... and you killed yourself. I can't believe it. You ruined everything!
skeptic How does us dying ruin everything? What aren't you telling us?!
n The world doesn't stay saved if you die!
skeptic And if the world isn't saved, then that means she isn't dead.

label burnedStart2
smitten I couldn't care less about what he knows. Every second we stand around arguing in the woods is a second that I'm anxiously worrying about *her.* Take us to the cabin, and take us there now! With each passing moment our relationship may be damaged even further... though I fear the rift between us may already be *permanent...!*
cold And if it is permanent`, then what`? You'll kill us again?
smitten Oh, you just wait and see! My vengeance will echo the *depths* of my bereavement!
hero Don't provoke him. I'd prefer it if we didn't die again. I'm not fond of dying.
cold Why not`? You've already done it twice.
hero It was unpleasant.
cold It was only unpleasant because you think it's *supposed* to be unpleasant.
smitten I'll make you feel what I feel if it's the last thing I do! And mark my words, you won't like it when it happens!
cold Oh`! How *exciting.`* I'd love to see you try.
n Can I -- /// interrupt
// not now Narrator they're hate flirting //
smitten Well I'm not *just* going to try. I'm going to actually *do it!*
cold I'm looking forward to it.
smitten Good! I am, too.
n Can I talk now? Yes. I can. Great. Now that you're listening, let me remind you that if you're here, in the woods, it means that the Princess is not dead, and that her very existence currently poses a direct threat to the entire world.

label rainPath
skeptic Yes, things are different, aren't they?

label drownedDifferentPath
n If this isn't the same path in the woods you're used to, that means that her influence is already spreading, and you're running out of time.
skeptic Her influence? What's that supposed to mean?
n It means exactly what I said. Don't overthink it, or you run the risk of making your task so much more difficult than it has to be.
skeptic And what is *that* supposed to mean?
n *Sigh.* Forget I said anything. I've probably already made things worse. And I need to stop talking about this now before I definitely make things worse.
hero Oh, come on! Tell us your secrets. Haven't we been through enough? Don't we deserve to know?
n No.
skeptic Is there a reason it would be raining?
cold If there is`, it doesn't matter`. If a bit of rain is the best her "influence" can conjure`, then we have nothing to worry about`. A drenched corpse is still a corpse.

label burnedDifferentPath
n If this isn't the same path in the woods you're used to, that means that her influence is already spreading, and you're running out of time.
smitten Wait... but if her influence is spreading, that means there's hope! That means our beloved is waiting up there for us, ready to make amends!
n Yes, I already told you that she's alive.
hero Don't mind him. I don't think he's doing too well.
smitten I-I'm doing better than any of you! I'm doing *great!* She's *alive!*
cold "Influence" doesn't require life.
hero But if things restarted, why wouldn't she be alive?
cold Who said they restarted`? All they've done is changed.
smitten I shan't listen to the vile mutterings of you serpents. *Onward!* Our living, breathing Princess awaits us!

label noCabinPath
n She'll find a way out eventually, and the world will still end. The only way this resolves is if you find her and slay her before that happens.
    skeptic We already know He wants us to slay her. Anything He says is tainted by His motivations. /// checkvoice
    smitten Again, He makes her out to be a monster. I'm tired of all this slander! She's never hurt anyone in her life except for us, and that was our fault. /// checkvoice
        hero We don't know that, she could have done all sorts of things we weren't around to see. /// checkvoice-smitten
cold Turn around and leave, go to the cabin`, I'm fine with either`. So long as we don't just do the same thing again`. That would be boring.

label chargePath
smitten Oh, it's clear, you murderer. Though I should remind you that you're not as "in charge" as you seem to think you are.
cold I'm sure his outburst last time was just a fluke`. I wouldn't worry about him`. Besides, if he kills us again, he kills us again. It doesn't matter`. He'll tire out eventually`. The flame of passion always burns out in the end.
smitten Spoken like a true cynic.
n Enough bickering. Just stay focused, and get to the cabin.

label noWantPath
n That's great to hear, but it doesn't matter, because you still died.
skeptic No hard feelings, right?
cold Of course not`. No feelings at all.
hero Speak for yourself.
skeptic What, you wanted us to stay in the happiness void forever? I doubt that.

// Hill dialogue //

label drownedHill
n I'm sure you've already heard my words of warning in one of your "past lives." You've already managed to slay her once, just... *sigh.* Don't muck it up this time, all right?
skeptic What we do is entirely up to us.
cold And we have all those mysteries to unravel`, isn't that right?
n You aren't here to solve a mystery. You're here to save the world.
skeptic That's what you say, but how can we be sure?
cold We can't be sure of anything except what's right in front of us.
hero Okay, but... we *should* care about the fate of the world.
cold Why?
hero Because... because we should! I don't know. It's important.
cold Is it?
hero Yes! ... I think?
skeptic For all we know, "the world" you're talking about isn't even real.
n Of course it's real! Where do you think you are, somewhere else?
skeptic Maybe we are.
n This is horribly unproductive. The cabin -- and your extremely important destiny -- await.

label burnedHill
n I'm sure you've already heard my words of warning in one of your "past lives." You've already managed to slay her once, just... *sigh.* Don't muck it up this time, all right?
smitten Oh, we'll muck it up, all right. We'll get our happy ending, even if it damns each and every person who's ever lived!
n *Sigh.* Whatever you do, don't let him influence a single decision. He's clearly lost it.
hero I hate that I'm agreeing with Him on anything, but I really don't like being at the whims of someone so... unstable. It's stressful.
cold Yes`, having all those feelings isn't very productive, is it`? But we're just passengers here`. Why stress over something you can't control?
hero You're saying that like stress is just something you can turn off.
cold It is. It's easy`. Whatever happens`, happens.
smitten Are you even alive? What's the point of doing anything if you're not going to feel a single emotion.
cold I don't know`. I just exist`, and that's fine with me.
n This is horribly unproductive. The cabin -- and your extremely important destiny -- await.

// Cabin //

label drownedCabin
n As soon as you enter the cabin, you're struck by an overwhelming scent of decay, of mold and death and stagnant water. The once-stately wooden building is bloated, its beams dripping with a black ooze of putrefaction, all but the exterior stone walls warped beyond recognition. It must have been beautiful once. But in its ruin, it is beyond repulsive.
n But you're not alone. You can feel something watching you. There is a figure faintly outlined against the rotting wood of the wall.
hero Is that... *her?*
skeptic It's like she isn't even there.
cold See`? We killed her.
skeptic You're right. Maybe she doesn't reset like us. She certainly doesn't look the same as she did last time.
n Before you can make a move, the figure is gone, vanishing behind the door on the far side of the room.
jumpto askDoor

label burnedCabin
n The interior of the cabin feels dry and brittle. Ancient dust-covered wooden beams hold up a crumbling ceiling like mummified ribs, each elegantly carved detail of the stately building preserved in an extended stasis. Everything here has been kept safe and dry and lifeless.
n But you're not alone. You can feel something watching you. There is a figure faintly outlined against the dusty wood of the far wall.
hero Is that... *her?*
smitten Our beloved. So she does live!
cold She doesn't look very alive to me.
n Before you can make a move, the figure is gone, vanishing behind the door on the far side of the room.
jumpto askDoor

label askDoor
    hero The door at the end of the room? But there isn't a door. There's just that damn mirror again. /// mirror2
        skeptic Ah, yes. The mirror that he "can't see." /// mirror2 checkvoice
        smitten Ah, yes. The mirror. So we can see the monster we've become. If it even lets us look before it vanishes, too. /// mirror2 checkvoice
    hero The door at the end of the room? But there isn't a door. There's a mirror, that's it. /// nomirror2
n The mirror? Is this some kind of joke? Did you all plan this out before dying? There is no mirror. There's the door to the basement, the table, and the pristine blade -- /// interrupt
n Huh. That's strange. There's supposed to be a pristine blade. Why isn't there a pristine blade?
cold Maybe it's gone because we've already killed her with it.
sourceswitch CabinCont

label drownedCabinCont
hero But we had it with us when we died. And besides, everything else has reset. Why wouldn't the blade have reset, too?
skeptic Maybe it's because we've already explored that avenue. We've seen what happens when we slay her. Maybe this place has decided we don't need to try that again.
jumpto cabinContJoin

label burnedCabinCont
smitten Perhaps it's gone because an oh-so-deserved guilt has started to worm its way into each and every one of you. Perhaps all of you do feel just as bad as I about what we've done. Though if you felt the oppressive guilt I feel, we would have manifested that weapon *directly into our heart!*
label cabinContJoin
n I suppose it doesn't matter why the blade is gone, but you're going to have to find it if you're going to do this right. So why don't you march over to that door, and make your way down to the basement?

label drownedAskMirror
    skeptic If this is anything like last time, the mirror will disappear as soon as we try and touch it. I'm sure the door is just behind it. /// mirrortouch
    skeptic If this is anything like last time, the mirror will disappear when we try and go to the basement. I'm sure the door is just behind it. /// mirrorask nomirrortouch
    skeptic Maybe the mirror isn't real. Maybe it is real, and He's lying through his teeth to stop us from looking into it. But it seems like whatever we want to do, our next step is on the other side of the room. /// nomirror2
jumpto askMirrorJoin

label burnedAskMirror
smitten As if something as flimsy as a missing door would stop us on our sacred quest! Cross the room. Find our way back to her. Make things right.
label askMirrorJoin
n You're clearly hallucinating. But I'd rather not get into it with you right now. The door to the basement is on the far side of the room, whether you can see it or not.

label approachMirror
n You make your way to the door at the end of the room, stopping just in front of it. You must think you're looking at that "mirror" you mentioned earlier. The one that doesn't exist. *Sigh.* Just reach forward and open the door.
    hero It's still so hazy. We should try and clean it off. /// mirrortouch
        cold Yes`, trying to touch it does seems to be the magic spell to get it out of our way. /// mirrortouch
    hero It's so hazy. We should try and clean it off. /// nomirrortouch
    skeptic Maybe it won't disappear this time and we'll finally get a good look at ourselves. We should explore every option. /// checkvoice

label wipeMirror
    smitten It's time for all of you to see what we've become. /// checkvoice
n You reach forward and place your hand on the door to the basement. The handle is just a little to your right, and a little down.
    skeptic Yeah. We can see it now. /// checkvoice
cold So much for our reflection`. We didn't need to see ourselves anyway`. I'm much more interested in seeing other things.
    smitten I see... we are too hideous for even a mirror to behold. We can only hope she might still see some good in us. /// checkvoice
hero No way left to go but down.

// Stairs //

label drownedStairsStart
n The door to the basement groans open. The air is foul and wet, so thick that you can almost feel it settle onto your skin in layers of grime. The stairs are coated with slimy algae, the wood rotted through in places, reeking of fetid vegetation.
n A wispy figure watches you from the bottom of the stairs, face veiled in shadows, legs submerged up to her shins in dark waters.
hero There she is again.
skeptic Barely.
jumpto stairsStartJoin

label burnedStairsStart
n The door to the basement creaks open, revealing an antique staircase lit by weak torchlight. The air here is so stale it practically stands still, as if the very molecules of this place have been fossilized, trapped for eons until your arrival.
n Even the blaze of the torches can't penetrate the odorless air, as if they'd run out of fuel to burn ages ago, their light still flickering more out of habit than from adhering to a physical reality.
n A wispy figure watches you from the bottom of the stairs, face veiled in shadow.
hero There she is again.
smitten My love!
label stairsStartJoin
cold She's just an old memory.
n Your eyes lock for a brief moment, then she vanishes around the corner.

label stairsExploreA
n You recieve no response.
label stairsExploreJoin
hero Do you think she's upset with us? I don't like being here unarmed after what happened last time. I feel so... exposed.
    smitten Of course she's livid! And with good reason. /// checkvoice
    skeptic She doesn't seem fully there. I'm not sure she's even capable of being upset. /// checkvoice
hero You aren't helping.
cold Are you scared of a little ghost`? What's she going to do`, *look at us until we feel bad?`* She can look all she wants`. It won't do anything.

label stairsExploreB
n Don't just tell her you're unarmed! *Sigh.* Not that it matters. You receive no response.
jumpto stairsExploreJoin

// Basement start //

label drownedBasementStart
n As you descend the final step, the form of the Princess comes into view. A bloated body floating face down in slowly rising waters, her wrist still bound to the wall by a heavy chain.
n This cell is a dark and isolated place, with not so much as a window to allow starlight to penetrate the gloom.
cold See`? She's dead.
skeptic She's not just dead. It looks like she's been rotting. So killing her does stick... mostly. But if she's dead, then what are we supposed to do?
n She's not dead. You clearly just believe she is.
skeptic Her corpse is floating right in front of us, you can stop it with the mind games.
hero If she's dead, then do we even have to do anything? How can she be a threat to the world like this?
linebreak
n Your thoughts are cut short by the sound of a slamming door and a clicking lock.
n You turn to see the shade of the Princess, staring down at you from the top of the stairs -- /// interrupt
jumpto basementStartJoin

label drownedBasementStart2
skeptic Yeah, this is tricky. But let's talk to her. See what kind of information she has that we don't.
hero But she hasn't said anything. Are you sure she can talk like this?
p Bold of you to come back here after what you did.

label burnedBasementStart
n As you descend the final step, the form of the Princess comes into view. A skeletal body lying in a heap on the floor, her wrist still bound to the wall by a heavy chain.
n This cell is a dark and isolated place, with not so much as a window to allow starlight to penetrate the gloom.
cold See`? She's dead.
smitten No! What foul trickery is this? How can this be? We just saw her alive and well a moment ago, floating away transparently!
hero Whatever we saw was a ghost. I thought we were all on the same page.
cold Do try to keep up.
linebreak
n Your thoughts are interrupted by the sound of a slamming door and a clicking lock.
n You turn to see the shade of the Princess, staring down at you from the top of the stairs, clutching a brightly burning torch -- /// interrupt
label basementStartJoin
n So that's where the blade is! It's already in her heart. And yet she... isn't dead.
cold She *is* dead`. Have you never heard of a ghost before?
n Oh, for the love of -- can we not waste time arguing over the semantics of what is and isn't "dead?" She is clearly *conscious,* she clearly just slammed the door on you, and she clearly has a weapon -- *your* pristine blade sticking out of her chest. This is extremely bad. Catastrophic, even.
hero Yeah, dead or not, what are we supposed to do about her? Slaying, or, er, destroying -- if we want to be a little more *death-neutral* -- seems off the table.
sourceswitch BasementStart2

label burnedBasementStart2
smitten We make amends! She obviously still holds us in her heart. She's bearing a torch for us and everything!
hero But she hasn't said anything. Are you sure she can talk like this?
p You came back! I missed you.
smitten That *angelic* voice! I missed you, too, my beloved!
hero You sure snapped back to your old self quick.
smitten Yes! Seeing her *dazzling* countenance again has reignited the warmth in my heart. I have found it in me to forgive the sins this body has committed, we can have our perfect romance after all!
p This is a bad place. We're supposed to be together, but it keeps making us hurt each other.
n The torch falls from the Princess's hand and bounces down the stairs.
p It'll be so much better when it's gone.
n The skeletal wood of the basement, perfectly dry after uncountable years of desiccation, immediately catches fire.
hero She's... trying to kill us!
smitten A... misplaced escalation of her passions, but *clearly* she still cares for us. I say we burn with her!

// Basement (Drowned) //

label drownedTimer1
n But she doesn't answer your question. All she does is watch you in shadowed silence.
hero Do you hear that trickling sound? The water's rising, isn't it?
n It is. And it's rising fast.
cold Oh, that's interesting`. We've never drowned before`. I wonder how it'll feel.
hero Bad, I bet!
skeptic I don't think dying ever feels good.
n Yes, how astute. Dying is bad, and you should avoid it. How about you stop trying to talk to her and *do something* instead?

label drownedTimer2
n The water is rising faster now. It's flowing in from some unseen place, and judging by the height of the algae on the stairs, it has no intention of stopping any time soon. You feel it creeping up your back, so cold that it steals the very warmth from your flesh, leaving a smothering numbness in its place.
n Are you really just going to stand there and let yourself die?
skeptic Yeah. Let's think. Where is it coming from?
n It's coming from some unseen place.
hero Does it really matter where it's coming from? Because I can *feel* it rising, I don't think we have much time to sleuth.
skeptic Yes, it matters! Maybe we can find a way out. Maybe we can figure out a way to make this work. This is just a puzzle. We can solve it.
cold Some things aren't puzzles to be solved`. Sometimes you're doomed from the start`. Most people are.
n Yes, most people are doomed, but, in case you need reminding, *everyone* will be doomed forever unless you stop her.

label drownedTimer3
p If this is how you're choosing to spend your last breaths, I won't stop you. But it won't make any difference.
n The water is up to your chin. You lose your footing, bobbing helplessly in the putrid floodpool.
n And suddenly, the door to the basement is thrown from its hinges as one last massive wave of water comes crashing down, sweeping you up in a powerful current. You're bashed against the stone wall.

label drownedKill
p No. You're killing yourself.

label drownedDie
p Yes. You are.

label drownedWrong
p And I didn't want to die.

label drownedEven
label drownedBeg
label drownedSorry
p Pathetic.

label drownedBlade
label drownedDoor
n The Princess eyes you with a disaffected gaze as you rush up the stairs, but you don't make it past the first few steps.
n The door bursts open, a powerful wave of water crashing down towards you, and you're swept up in the flood. Your head slams into the basement wall.

label drownedEnd
n You come to a moment later, suspended in darkness, disorientated, only aware of the surface of the water and the emptiness above. And, of course, the Princess, hovering above you, watching in silence as you struggle to stay afloat in the icy depths. There's no way out.
hero It's so dark! And cold! I think our limbs are slowing down, how much longer can we do this?!
skeptic Just keep breathing. We'll figure this out.
cold Or we won't`. It doesn't matter either way.
n But you don't have time to figure anything out. Something cold and clammy wraps around your ankle.
n You're dragged under, only able to take one last hopeful gulp of air before your head is plunged into the freezing depths.
n As you sink below the surface, you see it. Or rather, you see her. The body you found floating when you first arrived. Its hand is locked around your ankle, the heavy chains pulling you both down into the unfeeling, suffocating nothingness.
hero I get it! We shouldn't have killed her! Just get it away from us, please!
cold The past is the past`. There's no changing it`. There's nothing to fix.
skeptic And there's not a lot we can do about the present, either. Not unless we think. Like we should have been doing all along!
n But there is no thinking as you drown. You desperately try to pull yourself back to the surface again, and again, and again, your icy limbs flailing desperately against the grip of her rotting corpse. And all the while her ghastly figure stares down at you, expressionless, as unfeeling as the weight around your ankle.
unlock greyDrowned
quietcreep
p Your lungs fill with water the same way mine filled with blood. In the end, we're not so different.
claim drownedEnd

label drownedEndFirstVessel
truth But your lungs don't fill, and both she and her bones are gone. Something has taken them away, and it's left something else in their place.

label drownedEndNotFirstVessel
truth But your lungs don't fill. Nor will they ever. It's time for you to leave. Memory returns.

// Basement (Burned) //

label burnedTimer1
n The fire grows quickly, devouring the basement, dancing up the walls and painting every surface with strokes of flame. You're choked by smoke, and the air around you grows uncomfortably warm.
cold We've never burned to death before`. I wonder how it's going to feel.
hero Bad! I bet it'll feel really, really bad!
n Yes, it will be terrible, so you'd better come up with something to do and fast. Your personal safety is far from the only thing she's threatening right now.
smitten I think a bit of fiery passion is good for the world. You're just trying to spoil her fun.
n I'm not spoiling anything! I'm trying to prevent *oblivion.*

label burnedTimer2
n The heat grows in intensity as the flames draw ever nearer. You can practically feel your skin sizzling already. If you're going to try and stop her from killing you and destroying the whole world, you'd better do something, and you'd better do it now.
smitten I wonder if we look good right now. Fire makes a lot of things look good. I can only imagine how dazzling our eyes are in the dancing flames... d-do you think she's noticed?
hero I don't want to burn to death! We... w-we don't have to, right?

label burnedTimer3
n The flames lick at your form, stripping layers of you away, causing your skin to blister and pop and crisp. As you burn, the Princess glides to your side, her ghostly form blackening as she, too, succumbs.
hero This is terrible! We're going to die!
cold I'd savor this feeling if I were you`. Soon enough we won't have nerves.
smitten And we'll get to die with *her.* After what you made us do last time, this is as sweet an end as we could hope for.
n She clutches you close to her chest, her eyes bright and her smile wide with manic affection, watching as the flames take you away.

label burnedWhy
p Because I want to be with you. I don't want you to leave.
label burnedTogetherComment
smitten See! Everything's fine! She wants to be with us.
hero Yeah. In a bad way.
smitten She just has a unique way of expressing things!

label burnedKill
p Dying apart kept us apart. Dying together will keep us together.
    jumpto burnedTogetherComment /// check

label burnedDie
p It's okay. I'm going to burn, too. And then we won't hurt anymore.
cold She's right about the last part`. Burning doesn't hurt forever.

label burnedWrong
p You just think you don't. Sometimes someone else makes decisions for you, and those decisions are for the best. You should know that.
    jumpto burnedTogetherComment /// check

label burnedBeg
p You'll understand when it's over! Just like I understood after you stabbed me in the heart! Everything is okay!
    jumpto burnedTogetherComment /// check

label burnedSorry
p I'm not mad at you. You gave me so much to think about. And it's all going to be over soon. It's all going to be better.
    jumpto burnedTogetherComment /// check

label burnedGrudgeComment
hero She's holding a grudge.
smitten She wouldn't! She's perfect!

label burnedBlade
n As you rush up the stairs towards the Princess, the entire cabin erupts into a raging inferno.
n You push through the flames, trying to ignore the choking hot air filling your lungs, and manage to reach her, your hand wrapping around the hilt of the blade.
n But the metal is already blisteringly hot. Your hand sizzles as it melts on contact. You can't so much as pull away, your nerves seizing up as they're fried, the bones of your hand fusing in place around the weapon.
n The Princess, smiling warmly as her skin bubbles away, places her hand on yours and clutches it to her chest.

label burnedDoor
n As you rush up the stairs towards the Princess, the entire cabin erupts into a raging inferno.
n You ignore the Princess, throwing yourself headlong against the door, bashing at it with your clenched fists in a vain attempt at freedom.
n It's no use. You're stuck here. Your skin starts to bubble.
n As layers of you peel away into raw seeping burns, you feel a hand on yours.
n You turn to see the Princess, face bright and smile wide with manic affection. She clutches you close to her chest, watching with loving eyes as the flames eat you away bit by bit.

label burnedEnd
n The pain is unbearable at first. Every inch of you screams as your flesh is stripped away, your muscles stiffening as they're cooked, your blood boiling in your veins.
n But it isn't long before the flames take your nerves, and with them, your ability to feel much of anything.
cold See`? That wasn't so bad.
hero It *was* so bad! But somehow, the nothing is so much worse.
cold You'll get used to it.
smitten There are still the feelings of the heart. Those never go away.
cold Oh, they always do in the end`. You just haven't experienced enough`. Eventually you'll want them to stop, too`. You'll *make* them stop`. *Trust me.*
quietcreep
n The Princess's smile never fades. Her skin peels away, and then her muscle, until all you can see is her charring skull, locked in an eternal grin.
unlock greyBurned
smitten It's very romantic, really. We got our happy ending after all. We can die happy.
claim burnedEnd

label burnedEndFirstVessel
truth But despite your best efforts, you do not die, and she is gone. Something has taken her away, and it's left something else in her place.

label burnedEndNotFirstVessel
truth But despite your best efforts, you do not die. It's time for you to leave. Memory returns.

// Abort the vessel //

label abort
    skeptic Sure. We've already seen what happens if we slay her, we might as well explore our surroundings. Get a lay of the land. /// checkvoice
    smitten You can't run from your consequences forever. One way or another, you'll have to face what you've done! /// checkvoice
quietcreep
cold Let's see what we can find`. It's bound to be more interesting than doing the same thing over again.
n Wait... something isn't right. Can you still hear me? You're supposed to wind up back at the cabin again, but everything is getting... fuzzy.
hero W-what's going on? Where are we?
cold I don't know`. But it feels like... *home.*
    skeptic Did we do this? Is this the end of the world? Was there ever even a world to end? /// checkvoice
    smitten Of course. Oblivion is what we deserve. /// checkvoice